Leave it to my second son Zhao Yang
My name is Zhao Yang.
Lord took this opportunity to make my will
I inherited
This house
And all my possessions
They all belong to my daughter Zhao Ting
If you send him to college, I'll have an abortion
Don't take your son
Lili
I do it for our family
For you and the children
I work three jobs a day
I was busy from morning till night.
I only sleep two hours a day.
I raise me raise your mother
Your family eats and drinks
It's all my hard-earned money that stays up late
I just took out a little bit of money
To send my daughter to college
Why can't you stop?
Do you still want to live these days?
Believe it or not, I will divorce you now.
I don't want this child anymore
Hey, Lili, don't be angry, okay?
Be careful child
Ok you wait
What are you doing?
I'm going to find your mother
Let him judge me
Don't go to my mom
My mom has coronary heart disease
He can't get excited.
Okay, he can't get excited, I can get excited.
Am I going to find him?
Don't threaten me with my mother every time something happens
I just threatened you with him. What's the matter?
This day can't pass
If you don't listen to me
I'm going to make trouble in front of your mother
See if he is like you or me
Okay, okay.
I was wrong, okay?
I was wrong.
I shouldn't have been nice to you
You can punish me however you want, but
Going to college is Tingting's dream
I beg you.
Help Tingting
Make this wish come true, okay?
I can punish you however I want.
Then you kneel down
learn
School until I end
Why don't you want to
If you don't have face, then don't talk about it all
Ok I kneel I don't listen
Silly girl
Dad is ok
As long as you can achieve your dreams
It's okay to be afraid of being wronged
He knelt
Kneel
Do not kneel
Why did you go with him?
Call
Louder.
I can't hear you.
Mom Buwen
Art Mom
Mom
Mom mom
Why is that?
Why did they sacrifice this family to do it?
The man who respects everything
Say I like you
Why did you bully him in front of him?
Why is that?
You are no longer my father
You're not my dad anymore
My dad has already established a place
All property in his name
It's all mine.